Maybe you've gotten pretty far without knowing any fancy asynchronous programming.
So why should you learn it now?
What benefits will you get from knowing about it?
First of all, if you code in JavaScript,
you're probably already using asynchronous code.
JavaScript is asynchronous by default for I/O and DOM manipulations.
So it's imperative to be comfortable with these concepts as
a JavaScript developer and
asynchronous programming is really a base skill for any developer.
In a typical Dev job,
you will see and use asynchronous patterns daily.
So learning asynchronous programming is absolutely
essential to moving beyond entry-level or junior web development.
Reason three is that asynchronous programming and
the concepts surrounding it are only going to become more important.
Programs rely more and more on the efficiency of
their code in order to run quickly and good news.
Reason for is that these concepts of asynchronous programming
are natively supported in most modern programming languages.
So as you learn everything here in JavaScript,
all you have to learn is the syntax,
if you wanted to do the same thing in languages like rust and go.